# The-Lost-Lab
You are scientist which working and living in the big underground abandoned laboratory that located somewhere in the rainy coniferous forest. You are going there to revisit the old lab you used to work in also you get trapped unexpectedly, so you are using old tools that are preserved in the abandoned labratory. Scientist invented a pill that reduces stress, he tested that pill on himself during 2 weeks, and he got addicted to it. Without this pill he saw a different monsters, and he wanted to do a suicide. He also had some terrible flashbacks. Scientist was a war doctor, he was making experiments on wounded soliders. The big part of them died in agony. At one day he decides to face his fears, so he stopped taking pills. Now he needs to escape this labratory and start a new life. This laboratory symbolize past in his life, everything bad and tragic. The monsters will be simple designed but very scary and the general theme will be dark lit and mostly indoor  So the gameplay is: You need to go through 3(or maybe more as you wish) floors of the laboratory. Find some methods to open doors (some of them locked and some of them littered by bethon) You can open those doors by using instruments or finding keys. Also you will be fighting against monsters (for example by using the gun which is always with you since war, but ammo is very limited, and also this gun can jam because its very old so you better run away from monster or just press him down with old shelf) You will have some suicide attack so scientist can blow his brain out to prevent it you need to click your mouse very fast. Also you will always have the option to take a pill which will lead you to the bad ending. In good ending where you are escaping the abanodend labratory, and facing the big beautiful coniferous forest, scienist cries from happines. His soul is finally free. A cold wind blows in his face. He is making the first step and game ends.
